So, guys, now going forward now, let us discuss the solution to the problem of duplicate inclusion
of how to file, which we had discussed.
So now doing a little recap here, we had the same set of her file.
That is a dot edge and B dot edge.
And following is the definition of these two header files.
So these are exactly the same header files which we had discussed last time, and the developer wrote
application dot seesaws file and let us call this file as was one of application dot seesaws file.
So version one of Application Dawsey is actually the code which was written by the programmer or developer.
Now, if you remember that when you apply the tax substitution on this source file, we ended up in
compilation error.
Why?
Because the inclusion of header file without at leads to the duplicate inclusion of how to file a dot
edge because of it.
In the final code, which the compiler compiles, there was a duplicate declaration of this, some function.
So the last time our did not compile.
Now, of course, the developer cannot prevent from having including Bidart at because maybe the developer
wants to make use of minimum function or multiply function, which is provided by header file, dot
edge.
Therefore, the developer has no choice other than to include both the header finds.
Now let us see that how preprocessing directives can prevent the problem of duplicate inclusion of high
profile.
So of course, there is no need to make any changes in application doxy file as a solution to this problem.
The changes needs to be made in headlines, so the content of the header file needs to be sandwiched
between hash, if not defined and the corresponding hash and if preprocessing directive.
Similarly, if we don't ask her to file just a sandwich, the entire content of her to file in between
has, if not defined, preprocessing directive and the corresponding hash and if preprocessing directive.
So this is a technique which we use in order to avoid the problem of duplicate inclusion of --
in C and C++.
So now let us see that what is the impact of including these preprocessing directives in the beginning
and end of the head of fines?
So now giving the revised definition of how to file a dot at and B dot edge.
Let us now apply the tax substitution in the similar way that we applied before.
So you can see that in the first pass, the preprocessing directive has included what it is replaced
by the content of IDOT Eternal File and the preprocessing directive has include retaught ads is replaced
by the content of read authoritative file.
And of course, this has to find is replaced by its definition in the source file.
So what we obtained after the Texas student passed one is the version two of the source file.
Now, this version two of the source file still contains one has include a statement.
So, again, apply the tax substitution pass to and we will get the version three of application doxy
source file.
So you can see that in version three of the source file, this statement is replaced by the content
of it, by the content of a lot at file.
Now in version three of the source, while there is more hash, include preprocessing DirecTV anywhere.
So remember, this is the version three of application dot source file.
And now going forward, this is the version three of application dot source file, which we have continued
from the previous slide.
Now, as a final step of tax substitution fees, we will now process all the conditional pre processing
directives from top to bottom.
So as a result of processing conditional pre processing directives, there will be some part of the
code which will be completely automated out and will not be a part of final compiler will code.
So now let us process all the pre processing directives from top to bottom, so the first line is that
if not defined simply now, of course, there is no simply the compiler has seen yet as it is a first
line of the source file.
Therefore, this condition will be true and the compiler will define the symbol.
So this line will be a part of the code.
Similarly, this line will be a part of the court and this line also.
In the same way the compiler has not yet seen the symbol be, therefore this condition will be true.
Not the compiler has defined the symbol B now the compiler has defined the symbol B, now this condition
will be false.
Y It is false because the compiler has already defined the symbol e therefore this condition will be
false.
This will not be a part of code.
Right.
So going forward, this will be a part of the court.
This will be a part of the court and this will be a part of the court.
So the remaining lines in this file will obviously be a part of the court now after preprocessing all
the conditional preprocessing directives from top to bottom.
Now remove all the statements, which starts with hash.
So the final code that you get is the version four of application doxy file.
And you can see that in this final version of Application Daudzai file, there is exactly one declaration
of some function.
And therefore, discord is compiling a record so file Airnorth as has been prevented from including
in application multiple times.
Why?
Because of hash, if not defined preprocessing directives.
So now make a rule from now for the rest of your life that whenever you write a high profile, make
it as a principle of your life, that you always sandwich the entire content of the header file with
hash, if not defined preprocessing detective.
In fact, in the production court, if you write a how to file without using this technique, you will
be definitely reprimanded by your manager or your court review will.
So now you can see that it really doesn't matter how many times you have to include the same, had to
file directly or indirectly in the same source file, this technique will prevent the inclusion of same
high profile multiple times in the source file, and the accord will always compile.
So let us summarize this solution so you can see that this is the final version of sorts, while then
the header file was not sandwich's to using hash, if not defined prepossessing directive.
And in this final version of source file, there were duplicate declaration of the function some.
And because of this, the compilation of application Darsey file failed.
But in the second case, we have application doxy file in which there is exactly one declaration of
this function.
Some it is because in the had a file, we have used the technique of pre processing directives to prevent
the duplicate inclusion of her defiance and therefore this court combine's.
So this shows the comparison between the final version of Application C file van preprocessing directive
technique was not used and when preprocessing directive technique was used to prevent the duplicate
inclusion of hydrofoil.
So make a principle of your life that you would like to have a file starting with hash, if not define
and ending with hash and if.